27/10/2015

The following are the main points of conversation taken from this weeks meeting:

Authentication wise, we may need two ways to access the site, one via LDAP for Glow and one way that we create for the website.

We should be having a discussion either this week or next with Quintin and Emilia about her website.  It will be an evening after university, preferably not Tuesday.

Patrick Prosser says that we are okay to wrk on the base of this project together.  He says that it may be a more realistic project as it relies on cooperation.


For (thursay):
  create Html templates for each of our separate parts of the project.  Scott - versions, Dimitris - tracking.
  look into django disussion forums that we can plug into our project.
  
  
An interesting thing that came up after the meeting was the idea of generating the thumbnails based on the content instead of letting users submit their own.
Maybe the level of the material could determine the colour and the topic could determine the icon.
